style: apply /style-guide pass to weave (#2739)
wandb/docs: weave/guides/tracking/trace-agents.mdx

---
title: Trace your agents
description: Use the Weave SDK to instrument multi-turn agentic applications and view them in the Agents tab.
keywords: ["multi-turn", "sessions", "OTel", "invoke_agent", "conversation_id"]
---

import AgentsPreview from '/snippets/_includes/agents-public-preview.mdx';

<AgentsPreview />

> Learn how to instrument a multi-turn agentic application using the W&B Weave SDK so that you can view, debug, and evaluate your agent's behavior. This guide targets developers who build or integrate agents and want structured visibility into sessions, turns, LLM calls, and tool executions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn how to instrument a multi-turn agentic application using the W&B Weave SDK so that you can view, debug, and evaluate your agent's behavior. This guide is intended for developers who build or integrate agents and want structured visibility into sessions, turns, LLM calls, and tool executions.
```

Author: Applied verbatim in c51244e35.

A session groups turns by a shared `conversation_id` attribute rather than a parent span, so each turn starts its own OTel trace. This design supports distributed tracing and parallel execution. The client sends spans directly to the OTel collector without any server-side aggregation.

<Tip>
To integrate Weave with SDKs or harnesses such as the Claude Agent SDK or Codex, see [Trace agent integrations](/weave/guides/tracking/trace-agent-integrations). Weave autopatches into several agent-building SDKs and agent harnesses for quick integration.
</Tip>

## Agent tracing APIs

The following sections describe each top-level tracing function and the arguments it accepts. Use them to instrument the session, turn, LLM call, and tool call layers of the data model described in the previous section.

Weave exposes the following top-level functions. Each function returns an object that works as a context manager (using `with` in Python, or `try/finally` in TypeScript) or that you can close manually by calling `.end()`.

### Start a session

> `start_session()` / `startSession()` sets a `conversation_id` attribute on all child spans so that Weave groups turns in the Agents tab. If you pass a `session_id`, it must be stable across the lifetime of the conversation. Reuse the same ID to add new turns to an existing session. When you omit `session_id`, the SDK generates a UUID automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`start_session()` / `startSession()` sets a `conversation_id` attribute on all child spans so that turns are grouped in the Agents tab. If you pass a `session_id`, it must be stable across the lifetime of the conversation. Reuse the same ID to add new turns to an existing session. When you omit `session_id`, the SDK generates a UUID automatically.
```

Author: Applied verbatim in c992922d2.
